feat: Kotlin 2.1.20 release details (#4751)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/whatsnew/whatsnew2120.md

runtime performance of the generated code.

The new inlining pass is currently [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained). To try it out,
use the following compiler option:

```none
-Xbinary=preCodegenInlineThreshold=40
```

Our experiments show that setting the threshold to 40 tokens (code units parsed by the compiler) provides a reasonable
compromise for compilation optimization. According to our benchmarks, this gives an overall performance improvement
of 9.5%. Of course, you can try out other values, too.

If you experience increased binary size or compilation time, please report such issues via [YouTrack](https://kotl.in/issue).

## Kotlin/Wasm

This release improves Kotlin/Wasm debugging and property usage. Custom formatters now work out of the box in development
builds, while DWARF debugging facilitates code inspection. Additionally, the Provider API simplifies property usage in
Kotlin/Wasm and Kotlin/JS.

### Custom formatters enabled by default

Before, you had to [manually configure](whatsnew21.md#improved-debugging-experience-for-kotlin-wasm) custom formatters
to improve debugging in web browsers when working with Kotlin/Wasm code.

> In this release, custom formatters are enabled by default in development builds, so no additional Gradle configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, custom formatters are enabled by default in development builds, so you don't need additional Gradle configurations
```

> is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.
```

To use this feature, you only need to ensure that custom formatters are enabled in your browser's developer tools:

> * In Chrome DevTools, it's available via **Settings | Preferences | Console**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Chrome DevTools, find the custom formatters checkbox in **Settings | Preferences | Console**:
```

  ![Enable custom formatters in Chrome](wasm-custom-formatters-chrome.png){width=400}

> * In Firefox DevTools, it's available via **Settings | Advanced settings**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Firefox DevTools, find the custom formatters checkbox in **Settings | Advanced settings**:
```

  ![Enable custom formatters in Firefox](wasm-custom-formatters-firefox.png){width=400}

> This change primarily affects development builds. If you have specific requirements for production builds,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change primarily affects Kotlin/Wasm development builds. If you have specific requirements for production builds,
```

| `jsBrowserRun`         | `jsBrowserDevelopmentRun`                                       |
| `jsNodeRun`            | `jsNodeDevelopmentRun`                                          |
| `jsBrowserWebpack`     | `jsBrowserProductionWebpack` or `jsBrowserDistribution`         |

If you only use Kotlin/JS or Kotlin/Wasm in build scripts, no action is required as Gradle automatically handles assignments.

However, if you maintain a plugin based on the Kotlin Gradle Plugin, and your plugin does not apply `kotlin-dsl`,
you must update property assignments to use the `.set()` function.

## Gradle

Kotlin 2.1.20 is fully compatible with Gradle 7.6.3 through 8.11. You can also use Gradle versions up to the latest Gradle
release. However, be aware that doing so may result in deprecation warnings, and some new Gradle features might not work.

This version of Kotlin includes compatibility of Kotlin Gradle plugins with Gradle's Isolated Projects as well as support
for custom Gradle publication variants.

### Kotlin Gradle plugins compatible with Gradle's Isolated Projects
<primary-label ref="experimental-opt-in"/>

> > This feature is currently in a pre-Alpha state in Gradle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This feature is currently in a pre-Alpha state in Gradle. JS and Wasm targets are not supported at the moment.
```
